{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17120\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\sl312\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Scenario (/Situation) #5 \'97 this one is not about girls or anything but more general advice I\'92m looking for. I\'92ve changed some names around and everything so don\'92t try to look up anything, and, also I\'92d like this to stay between us in this group chat cos I can\'92t have it getting out to people I know who live in my home town for reasons you\'92ll understand soon. \
\
I use to climb huge \'91tea trees\'92 when I was younger. This was when I lived in Mt Martha and was in that dreamy age bracket of 6 to 9 yrs old when the world was huge and everything was fascinating. I used to make little tree houses in these tea tree forests. There was nothing really special about the treehouses I made, they\'92re nothing compared to some I\'92ve seen in bigger trees like pines or oaks or whatever, but it was all about the location \'97 being deep in the forest, walking for ages, hours even, and climbing over and under the tightly packed branches, and hitting river crossings you didn\'92t know existed \'97and marking where you\'92ve been just in case you forgot which way you came. These tea tree forests were massive and went off the side of blocks of land that hadn\'92t been cleared yet to make room for development. \
\
There was one forest in particular that came off a dirt road on my street and I knew a secret passage which would take you about 20 metres to a special rope hanging from a tree. I called it the \'91special rope\'92 because it always seemed really random, just dangling there hidden away in the bush. It was actually a noose, but i didn\'92t know what that was when I was a kid. The special rope marked the beginning of the forest for me. From then onwards your only connection to the outside world was through the sky, the clouds, and the sun shining overhead between little breaks in the over cover. Apart from that, it really is another world\'97 at least it felt like one when I was 9. \
\
I feel like I learnt a lot by exploring the forest when I was a kid. I learnt for example that besides leaving behind marks on trees with your pocket knife so you didn\'92t lose your way, you had to rely on a rough sense of direction, which sounds easy enough, but as you went deeper into the forest, you\'92d often have to zig-zag around impenetrable bush so that after your 10th detour around a fort of blackberry bushes, you weren\'92t so sure anymore that your back pointed towards the direction you came from. I leant this the hard way by getting lost a couple of times and fuck it was scary. \
\
When I was younger, the thrill of the forest was that, even though it was extremely claustrophobic and disorientating, I got to take my fate into my own hands \'97 it felt like once I reached a certain point into the thickness of it all, no one would hear me cry, and no one would put a bandaid on my cut knee and give me sloppy kisses like mum did. I felt like all that loving was an insult to my boyhood and I wanted to prove to myself that I could handle the pressure like a big kid would, like a year-sixer would. \
\
I think there was an \'91otherworldliness\'92 about the forest. I mean, of course there was, but picture this. As you trekked deeper in, you\'92d get the strange impression of time passing faster than it actually was. You\'92d look up to the sky, and it would look as though it\'92s 7 o\'92clock\'97 but didn\'92t you leave at 11?\'97, you\'92d feel the cold and you\'92d question yourself \'91has it been 2 hours, 1 hour, or 15 minutes?\'92 Your only point of reference was the sun in the sky, and as the forest became thicker, it slowly disappeared from you. It was a weird place for a kid. That might be why kids love gardens so much, because it\'92s so trippy for them? Maybe \
\
Anyway, one autumn Sunday afternoon I decided to go for one of these adventures, as you do when you\'92re a bored 9yr old. I wanted to see some new area of the forest and to take a different path. This time I wanted not to go immediately down from the secret rope in the forest, I wanted to go diagonally across and down, north-east. I expected to land at the same estuary river crossing from which I guess my plan was to follow the bank of the estuary to the rusted water pipe and to continue my descent from there, climbing across the pipe as if I\'92d just gone straight down from the secret rope. \'91Good idea\'92 I decide, and I head off, feeling pretty hardcore. \
\
This next part I remember vividly and I\'92ll try and tell it from my 9yr old perspective. I\'92ll also try and show my working, as in I\'92ll try to explain how my 9-year-old brain got to a certain decision. I think I was probably an especially dumb and stubborn kid so it might be a bit frustrating to read. (Old habits die hard)\
\
So I leave the special rope and head down diagonally into the forest. A couple of minutes in and something immediately seemed wrong about the path I was taking. It seemed too easy to be making the ground I was \'97parts seemed cleared already, and, I didn\'92t think much of it at the time, but about 5 minutes in I found an empty can of cheap gold-and-black \'91cola\'92 that you could buy at the shops for 50c, and an empty 40 pack of cigarettes with a foul picture of mouth cancer on it. The can was rusting around the top, and the cigarette packet was waterlogged and pealing at the edges. I\'92d never seen trash like this and this far into the forest before. Maybe I\'92d seen lolly packets and 2-litre empty fizzy drink bottles, but they would be shallow into the forest and from another entrance, no one knew where my secret entrance was? And how did someone buy cigarettes? Who would smoke? I only knew that one of my dad's friends smoked, and he always told me that \'91it will be the end of him.\'92\
\
Another 10 minutes pass and I\'92m making especially fast ground. I decide that I\'92m clearly on some sort of track made by someone and I\'92m sure I\'92m about to be hitting the edge of the estuary by now when I see a greyish coloured \'91thing\'92 further down through the trees, slightly off this path I\'92m on. I immediately think \'91fridge, turned on its side?\'92 but as I get closer I realise \'91it\'92s, a white rug\'92? \'91No, a mattress, yes \'97 but what, why?\'92 I walk over, and I think again, \'91Who the hell would bring that in here? And how?\'92\
\
I get to what is actually, like, a little cubby house, about 5 well-cleared square metres of ground with the mattress lying in the middle. Up close the mattress is barely white, but I can tell it once was. I notice some leaves sprinkled over it and a rusted spring sticking out from the side, with what seemed to be brown animal fur or coat fur knotted up and stuck on the end. The ground was full of strange trash, like empty aerosol cans and empty matchboxes. There was a ripped \'91zoo\'92 magazine and another one of those black-and-gold 50c cans\'97 but this one looked newer and etched into the yellow paint were the letters \'91B.S.\'92 (\'91bullshit?\'92 I think?) \'97like it was scratched in with a rock or something... There was a hammer on the ground, and I remember thinking to myself \'91I don\'92t remember seeing any wood around?\'92 Nothing added up in my 9-year-old mind, but I do remember feeling like something was off. I hear a scratching sound and a groaning, something behind some acacia bushes behind me. I walk over to the source of the sound and around the bushes with a bit of hesitation. \
\
I remember throwing up all over myself, and, I think I cried and started to panic right there and then. I\'92d never seen something so horrific in my life. There was a dog, a brown-furred terrier hanging upside down, nailed to a tree by its tail\'97 still alive but only just, it looked like it hadn't eaten in weeks. I saw its mouth tied up with the same rope as the rope hanging from the special tree near my secret entrance. I remember seeing an aerosol can and a lighter by my feet and noticing charred fur on the dog's hind legs \'97there was a missing patch of fur on its chest, and I immediately thought about the mattress spring\'97it was scared of me. I was scared. I remember throwing up again and the panic hitting again, and harder this time. My mouth went dry, and my chest went tight. I remember thinking \'91I can\'92t breathe \'97I need to get out of here, I need air, I can\'92t breathe in this forest.\'92 I felt that I needed to run to escape suffocating underneath the weight of the trees. I remember getting dizzy and throwing up again but nothing coming out but clear white phlegm from the pit of my stomach.\
\
I run home and try to go to sleep early. Mum asks if I want dinner, \'97 I tell her I\'92m not hungry \'97 and I wasn\'92t. I remember I tried to go to sleep, but I couldn\'92t. 'I can't go back now, can I?'. I felt scared. \'91It would be dead by now for sure \'97and it was all my fault.\'92 Man, fuck 9-year-old logic.\
I think days passed maybe even a week, and I didn\'92t tell anyone. My working was: \'91I can\'92t tell anyone, I let the dog die, I will go to jail.\'92 Jesus Christ, it's embarrassing how dumb kids are.\
\
Maybe I lost too many nights sleep or something, but I started getting headaches and getting into more trouble at school \'97and not my usual smart-ass kind of trouble, but a more sinister type\'97offending people, breaking things, and bullying. My parents thought I had problems, and I had to go to a therapist who told me I had 'general anxiety\'92?. But I didn't tell them what was making me scared. I still didn\'92t tell anyone. The \'91panic attacks\'92, so they\'92re called, they were starting to pop up for random things\'97 I got scarred of dark spaces, or enclosed ones like elevators or cars and I didn\'92t like dogs anymore. You don't need to be Freud to see what was happening here. It was all making me tired, and I didn\'92t know what was happening to me. I kept having these dreams of burying the brown terrier dog in the forest \'97as if I\'92d killed it myself and I was hiding the evidence. I\'92d wake up in cold sweats, never having actually fully buried it. I guess it\'92s just way too much for a kid to see and feel responsible for. I really should\'92ve told someone. \
\
About a week later, Bryce Scott, a kid from my school in my class, went missing. Bryce Scott was a strange kid. He was quiet, had really pale skin and used to get blood noses in PE class. I once heard teachers say that he had \'91learning difficulties\'92 and was \'91on the spectrum but high functioning\'92. I didn\'92t know what any of that meant. We didn\'92t really hang out at lunch or recess. I don\'92t think he hung out with anyone actually. I knew that he really liked \'91deal or no deal\'92 the tv show because he once did show-and-tell in front of the class about it. He brought in a replica version of one of the briefcase props. He knew the name of the host and everything, and I remember thinking it was pretty funny. I think I might have teased him about it a bit, yelling to him once or twice in front of my friends \'91NO DEAL!\'92 and crossing my arms as they did on the tv show. It wasn\'92t bullying or anything, and I didn\'92t do it often. In fact, we were almost sort of friends because we had this little \'91deal\'92 where if I\'92d bump into him at lunch or recess I\'92d trade my banana or apple for his bag or chips or roll-up. I always thought his parents must be so cool to let him eat junk food at school. He lived around the block from me, and I remember walking home from school with him once and asking if I could come over to his house, but he told me I wasn\'92t allowed to because his house was 'messy'. I said I didn\'92t care if it was messy and that my house was always messy. But he said I just wasn\'92t allowed. I never asked again. \
\
For 3 days Bryce was missing, and it made everyone in town on edge. My mum wouldn\'92t let me walk to school on my own anymore. Everyone had their theory as to what happened. I remember thinking that it was such bullshit. No one at school ever played with Bryce, and now they were all concerned for him? The girls were the worst, I thought. Some of them were crying over it and saying they 'missed him so much' \'97yet they\'92d probably never even said \'91hi\'92 to him once?\
\
And then this news came:\
\'91Young Missing Mornington Peninsula boy found hanged in a Mt Martha forest. Investigation underway.\'92 ... or something heartless and blunt along those lines... \
I thought about the special rope and the can, and I made the connection immediately. \
\
That week at school, we had an emergency assembly. We were told about domestic violence and how we need to speak up about it if we know anyone who is suffering. Everyone knew it was about Bryce, but people avoided saying his name. A policewoman came and told us that domestic violence is a criminal offence that can be dealt with only if people \'91speak up\'92. The principal said that there would be councillors available for anyone who needed to talk about \'91recent events\'92. The principal also spoke about mental health and how we all needed to look out for each other. All the kids year 4, my year level, were asked that if anyone saw Bryce Scott doing anything strange within the last few months, we should report it to our teachers. I remember starting to feel sick again and feeling like I was going to panic. I wanted to run. All the kids below year 5 sat down at assembly on the floor, and I couldn\'92t get out. I felt stuck again. I crawled over to my teacher and asked if I could go to the toilet, she said that I could wait another 10 minutes. I said I was busting. She let me go. I ran to the bathroom, locked myself in the toilet and was sick. I didn\'92t know what to do. Was I in trouble now for not \'91speaking up\'92? I felt like shit. \
\
There was police tape around the perimeter of my secret entrance to the forest for about 2 weeks after Bryce\'92s body was found there. I never went back in there, even after it was gone. The police arrested Bryce's father, but he was soon released with 'insufficient' evidence of domestic violence. The father's name was Derek, and I spoke to him once when he was picking Bryce up from cricket practice. He seemed nice enough, I thought \'97 he didn't seem like the kind of dad to hurt his kid. But things were said about him \'97that he was an alcoholic, that he burned Bryce by putting his cigarettes out on him. And even though he was never officially charged with any of this gossip, the town consensus was already made: Derek was a horrible and abusive man who made his child kill himself, and he should be in jail. \'91A rapist\'92, some people even said. He shot himself a month after Bryce's body was found. People took it to be a sign of his guilt. Fuck it was a bad time. \
\
Soon, about a month and a half later, it was all old news in town. Nothing ever came up about the cubby house and the mattress and the dog \'97I thought 'maybe no one found it?' I never ended up telling anyone about what I saw. No one asked me anything, so I didn\'92t say anything. Plus, I still thought I\'92d be in trouble for letting a dog die and then for not \'91speaking up\'92 and letting Bryce die. I thought I could go to jail for it. It's dumb thinking, I know. But yeah, it just slowly became old news I guess. People just stopped caring and, gradually, so did I. Well, for a while after his body was found, the dreams and anxiety got worse \'97in them, I was in the forest being chased by the police in the dark. They\'92re behind me, and I can see their torches in the distance, and I have to dispose of the dog and Bryce\'92s body before they catch me. I always woke up without anything being resolved. I\'92ll still get these dreams today sometimes, especially when I tired or stressed. \
\
There was just no point in saying anything to anyone anymore. Even as I got older and reflected that I shouldnt\'92ve held myself responsible for Bryce and the dog's death, I didn't think it was worth telling anyone. To be completely honest I just couldn't be bothered telling the police let alone anyone else who lives in my home town because that would just be a massive pain in the ass and it would make me look bad. That's why I don't need any of my ninch mates hearing about this. \
\
And so then it's all done, right? Story over? It should be, and I fucking wish it was. \
\
But the other day I was driving around Mt Martha (because there\'92s nothing else to do with the rona situation and all), and I was driving down my old street and noticed that the council had cleared some tea trees along the road, the same forest tea trees. \'91That\'92s weird\'92, \'91must be because of fire hazard or something\'92 I think to myself. Then I see this sign posted up along the road with the forest behind it, giving an explanation. It had a picture of the tea tree forest on it taking up most of the sign, quite a nice picture actually, featuring a tea tree with a broken branch and lots of little bracken ferns. Below the picture, there's this caption \'91prior to restoration in 2017\'92. I look at the cleared forest behind the sign and wondering, 'who the fuck signed off on this decision?' \'91Restoration\'92? it looks shit compared to that photo. Underneath the photo they\'92ve shown their working, \'91BERG Mt Martha is restoring this area to be as close as possible to its pre-European settlement state ...\'92, and below that there are 4 dot-points of the \'91restoration process\'92, the second being: \'91Removing the ageing Teatree (one word, apparently?)\'97 these trees belong on the foreshore, pruned by low wind. They took over after early settlers removed other trees for firewood. Few other species will grow underneath them.\'92\
\
I think it was the line \'91few species will grow underneath them\'92, but I parked my car on the side of the road and began to walk into the forest. I had shorts and vans on, and I knew it was gonna fuck my legs up with scratches, but I didn\'92t care. \
I get to where I think the \'91special rope\'92 must\'92ve been before all this clearing and I take a diagonal path down into the forest, north-east. \
\
I search around for hours but don\'92t find the mattress, and I don't find any bones or a hammer or anything. No trash even. Hours pass, and it\'92s getting dark. I\'92m about to give up and go back to my car when I find it, the same mattress in the same place (I think), only a lot darker in colour and with more rusted springs sticking out. There\'92s no trash on the floor though, apart from an empty 40 pack cigarette box, about a week old I reckon. I convince myself it could have possibly been blown down into the forest and the other stuff, the cans and broken lighters have probably been blown away by now since, yeah, it has been 12 years? I\'92m pretty happy with my reasoning so far, and I head over to the tree behind the acacia bushes to see if there\'92s like any dog bones below the tree or teeth or something. I\'92m on my way to check it when I step on a piece of hardwood which kind of makes me jump for some reason. I bend over to grab it, and it\'92s actually a metal stick? I used to have an open file place, and it felt like one of those heavy 'fire pokers' that you use to rearrange hot coals. I whack it on a tree to get all the dirt off. I study the end of the metal rod for a bit. I can't believe it. I could\'92ve shit myself. \
It\'92s a branding iron for stamping the initials \'91B.S.\'92 Like, one of those steel rods you heat up in a fire and then press on the asses of cows to mark them. \
\
I\'92m properly freaked out, realising that I missed finding it all those years ago. In the scheme of things, a branding iron doesn\'92t add much to the horror of what Bryce did to that dog, but that\'92s not what bothers me, its this \'97\'91what fucking 9-year-old kid knows how to weld a branding iron with his initials??' I put it down and continue to walk over to the acacia bushes, for some reason already knowing what I\'92m about to find.\
\
There are bones everywhere and hundreds of them. A half-rotted possum corpse nailed through its stomach to the tree \'97the same tree. The smell was fucked, eye-wateringly fucked. \
\
It\'92s been a couple of days now, and I think I might have to go to the police, but I\'92m not sure. What should I do? I\'92m asking you guys because basically all my friends are from the peninsula and I don\'92t know who else to ask. I\'92m not risking it with any of my mates who live on the ninch \'97gossip spreads too fast around here, you have no idea. Ideally, I just wanna forget about it and pretend like I didn't see anything, but I don\'92t know if I can morally do that anymore. If there\'92s any way I can avoid being sucked into a whole drama with the police, I want to know. I was thinking I could write an anonymous letter to the town police station? I took down the gps coordinates of the spot (you\'92d never find it by chance). Could I just send the location to the police station? But then it looks like some kind of fucking confession... I don\'92t know. This is police shit, and it's bigger than me. I\'92ve got my theories, but I don't want to think about it anymore. I mean, the cigarette packets, I should\'92ve fucking known it was never Bryce. A kid couldn\'92t do something like that. I have photos but I won\'92t send if y\'92all don\'92t wanna see them which is fair enough if you don\'92t. Can I have some advice please? And again could we please keep this in the group chat.. Thanks\
}